Which island is the only place in the world where the big-nosed proboscis monkey can be found in the wild? - Borneo, Palau or Samoa
Borneo
True or False: Hotmail took it's name from a web page markup language.
True
True or False: Maine is the only US state that has a monosyllabic name.
True
Which of these is a member of the bear family? - Giant panda, red panda or koala?
Giant panda
Which of these sports was removed from the Olympics after 2008? - Softball, netball or handball?
Softball
Which figure of Greek mythology is often depicted supporting the Earth on his shoulders?
Atlas
The 1995 autobiography Long Walk to Freedom and 2013 film of the same name focus on the life of which political leader?
Nelson Mandela
Which Renaissance painter was responsible for the painting of the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel?
Michaelangelo
What does NASA stand for?
National Aeronautics and Space Administration
What country has the westernmost point of mainland Europe?
Portugal
True or False: The US Secret Service was set up in order to combat counterfeit money.
True
Which of these letters is not usually written without taking the pen off of the paper? - P, K or W?
K
What was the maiden name of Buzz Aldrin's mother?
Moon
Which cooking method requires liquid? - Baking, braising or grilling?
Braising
Which of these countries was not once part of the Soviet Union? - Armenia, Georgia or Macedonia
Macedonia
True or False: The People's Liberation Army of China is the world's largest employer.
True
Who wrote The Tale of Peter Rabbit?
Beatrix Potter
Which European football manager famously referred to himself as "the special one"? (Surname)
Mourinho
Where would you find the pyramids of Malpighi? - Human body, banks of the Nile, steam engine
Human body
Which terrier dog breed and type of pudding are named after a country in England?
Yorkshire
In what German city does BMW have its headquarters?
Munich
What was the name for Britain leaving the European Union?
Brexit
Who was the first female Prime Minister of the UK?
Margaret Thatcher
True or False: Kruger National Park is located in Singapore.
False
What is the smallest planet in the solar system?
Mercury
Which of these famous landmarks does the London Marathon not pass? - Elizabethan Tower, Tower Bridge or Trafalgar Square?
Trafalgar Square
Which British rock group released a debut album Parachutes?
Coldplay
What board game was introduced during America's Great Depression in thwe 1930s, and became wildly popular due to its promise of fame and fortune?
Monopoly
What was the first opera performed at the Sydney Opera House? - War and Peace, Madame Butterfly or Porgy and the Bess?
War and Peace
What do the five Olympic rings represent?
Continents
In what country was the Lord of the Rings trilogy of films shot?
New Zealand
Biologically, what is a peanut? - Nut, legume or drupe?
Legume
What is the world's most popular colour according to yougov.co.uk?
Blue
What colour is Vine Street in Monopoly?
Orange
What colour is a baby swan?
Grey
What colour are the largest stars?
Blue
There are two species of tuna that have colours in there name. One of them is Yellowfin. Name the other.
Bluefin
What is the most popular colour of highlighter?
Yellow
What was the colour in the name of Strauss's most famous waltz?
Blue
What colour is Stitch's fur from Stich and Lilo?
Blue
Fill in the blank: In the 80s, Nina sang about 99 ______ balloons.
Red
What is the colour of mourning in China?
White
What Queen of England died in 1901?
Queen Victoria
True or False: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe is the first book in the Chronicles of Narnia.
False
True or False: French is the official language of the South American country of Suriname.
False
True or False: John Torode has presented both Masterchef and Junior Masterchef.
True
Which of these US presidents did not have a moustache while in office? - Abraham Lincoln, Ulysses Grant or James Garfield
Abraham Lincoln
Who sculpted the statue of David and the Pietà?
Michaelangelo
What aquatic mammal makes its home in a holt?
Otter
Which of these sauces does not contain eggs? - Hollandaise, Vinaigrette or Tartare sauce?
Vinaigrette
What was Nelson's flagship called during the Battle of Trafalgar?
HMS Victory
In Greek mythology, who is the goddess of love? - Athena, Aphrodite or Artemis
Aphrodite
Which of these is not a noble gas? - Neon, argon or nitrogen?
Nitrogen
What name is given to an event that is further than marathon distance?
Ultramarathon
In which city can you find buildings that have been nicknamed "the Gherkin", "the Walkie Talkie" and "the Cheesegrater"?
London
Which E. B. White character says "People believe almost anything they see in print"?
Charlotte
True or False: An albatross can live for more than 50 years.
True
What is the loud plastic horn that was blown by many spectators during the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa?
Vuvuzela
Cynophobia is the fear of what animal?
Dog
What European capital city is Nyhavn found in?
Copenhagen
True or False: The first day of the 21st century was January 1st 2000.
False
The lion's mane is the largest known species of what type of animal?
Jellyfish
Which is not part of a biathlon? - Swimming, skiing or shootin?
Swimming
Dry ice, used extensively as a cooling agent, is the solid form of which gas?
Carbon Dioxide
Barchan, star and parabolic are all examples of what type of coastal feature?
Sand dune
Genghis Kan founded and led which empire in until his death in 1227?
Mongol
What mythological character fell in love with his own reflection?
Narcissus
What is the name of the tallest fence jumped in the Grand National? (2 words)
The Chair
True or False: Uluru is the largest rock in the world.
True
True or False: The kiwi fruit is originally from New Zealand.
False
As of 2014, which tennis player had won 17 Grand Slam singles titles? - Rafeal Nadal, Pete Sampras or Roger Federer?
Roger Federer
Which country is divided into areas called prefectures? - Canada, Russia or Japan?
Japan
True or False: Monday is the most common day of the week for a heart attack to occur.
True
True or False: Anchovy is a base ingredient in the original Worceistershire Sauce recipe.
True
In 2014, the video of which song became the first video to reach two billion views on YouTube?
Gangnam Style
How many golf balls are there on the moon? - 0, 3, or 30?
3
Which actor, who also starred in Titanic, played Dom Cobb in the 2010 film Inception?
Leonardo DiCaprio
Why do surfers wax their boards? - Streamline the board, make the board shiny or to improve grip?
to improve grip
Which sign of the zodiac is symbolised by twins?
Gemini
Whose nose grew longer every time he lied?
Pinocchio
Americans call this vegetable an eggplant. What is it called in the UK?
Aubergine
The boat race takes place between crews from Oxford and what other UK university?
Cambridge
What colour are the stars on the American flag?
White
According to Dr. Seuss, who stole Christmas? (2 words)
The Grinch
